What do you want to do when you get the order from God?
Well, go find God
I have been to visit
The Lord God is temporarily away
Probably the hero can't come back until he performs martial arts
Oh, okay.
Our wedding
Need to buy a wedding dress
Whatever.
I can go by myself
You stay at home and get ready for the wedding
Other things.
You won't let me accompany you
Are you still thinking about getting a divorce?
Hey, wife, I want to apologize to you.
I was really impulsive that night
You were poisoned when I beat Gu Shichen away
I can only set you free with my body
But I'm definitely not a greedy body
My husband is also the first time
You can't forgive me
What happened that night?
It's you, who do you think it is?
But
Aren't your legs bad?
I never said I couldn't.
Do you want us to revisit
Think beautifully
Oh.
It turns out that all the things you did to me before
You think it wasn't me that night
So now you know?
What kind of mood
You seem happy
Happy with your head
I'm going to buy a wedding dress tomorrow